Carrick Wealth - Treating Customers Fairly
Last Updated: October 2025

Purpose

At Carrick the fair treatment of customers is at the heart of our culture. We are fully committed to the Financial Services Conduct Authority (FSCA)’s Treating Customers Fairly (TCF) principles and to ensure that clients receive consistently fair outcomes in all their dealings with us.

Our Commitment

We put the interests of our clients first in everything we do.
We comply with the FAIS General Code of Conduct, our Conflict-of-Interest Policy, and all applicable laws.
We train our staff to provide clear, professional, and unbiased service.
We do not remunerate or incentivize staff in ways that may compromise fair outcomes.
We review this policy regularly to ensure that we continue to meet regulatory and customer expectations.
The Six TCF Outcomes

We are guided by the six fairness outcomes defined by the FSCA:

Outcome 1: Customers are confident that they are dealing with providers where the fair treatment of customers is central to the provider’s culture.
Outcome 2: Products and services marketed and sold in the retail market is designed to meet the needs of identified customer groups and are targeted accordingly.
Outcome 3: Customers are given clear information and are kept appropriately informed before and after the time of contracting
Outcome 4: Where customers receive advice, the advice is suitable and takes account of their circumstances.
Outcome 5: Customers are provided with products that perform as providers have led them to expect, and the associated service is both of an acceptable standard and what they have been led to expect.
Outcome 6: Customers do not face unreasonable post-sale barriers to change products, switch providers, submit a claim or make a complaint
Complaints handling

We take complaints seriously and ensure they are handled:

Fairly, promptly, and impartially
With consideration of whether similar issues may affect other clients
By investigating root causes and using feedback to improve our services
For details on our process, please see our Complaints Procedure  

Continuous Improvement

We welcome feedback from clients and staff on how we can improve our services.
TCF objectives are built into staff performance measures.
We carefully review third-party service providers to ensure they also uphold TCF principles
Contact Us

For any queries or feedback relating to Treating Customers Fairly, please contact info@carrick-wealth.com